Move reference docs for mc admin idp commands to mc idp (#873)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc/mc-idp-ldap.rst

.. _minio-mc-idp-ldap:

===============
``mc idp ldap``
===============

.. default-domain:: minio

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :local:
   :depth: 2

.. mc:: mc idp ldap

.. versionadded:: RELEASE.2023-05-26T23-31-54Z

Description
-----------

.. start-mc-idp-ldap-desc

> The :mc-cmd:`mc idp ldap` commands allow you to add, modify, review, list, remove, enable, and disable server configurations to 3rd party :ref:`Active Directory or LDAP Identity and Access Management (IAM) integrations <minio-external-identity-management-ad-ldap>`.

Reviewer: I wonder if it's enough to just state "manage" here instead of the full list :D

.. end-mc-idp-ldap-desc

Define configuration settings as an alternative to using environment variables when :ref:`setting up an AD/LDAP connection <minio-authenticate-using-ad-ldap-generic>`.

> .. note::
> 
>    Configuration settings do **not** override settings configured as environment variables.

Reviewer: I would reverse this and link out. Harder to single source I guess but more useful to the user.

```suggestion
.. note::

   MinIO :ref:`AD/LDAP environment variables <minio-server-envvar-external-identity-management-ad-ldap>` override their corresponding configuration settings as modified or set by this command.
```

Reviewer: And apply the same to the openid page

Author: Added manually, thank you!
